the first of chapter four as many
treasures can be found right at the
beginning after squeezing through the
tight passage just jump over that
railing and come to your right and pick
it up the next one can be found when
you're traversing into the warehouse as
soon as you jump in what you're supposed
to do is jump to the other side of that
window there but instead jump to the
right hang on to this pipe grab this
ledge and then jump up and pick up the
treasure the third one is found in the
same room as the tire tracks instead of
opening the door for your friends the
garage door climb these boxes across
from it pick up the treasure
the next one can be found a little later
on in the level right after you learn
how to shoot for the first time once
these two guys are dispatched of go
behind the generator on the right side
to claim your treasure
now there's two in the next area you're
going to make your way into this large
cylindrical shaped room instead of
sliding down this pipe go up to the top
and then jump to the left and climb some
more to claim the strange relic now you
have to make your way to the bottom of
this progress through the level but
instead of going immediately down move a
little bit more to the left to find
another charter careful its slippery
and the final one can be found in the
room where you have to give Sully a
boost you have to come up this way
anyway so you're going to jump on that
yellow cabinet instead of following this
route around climb to the left and pick
up the final treasure of this chapter